README.md, before:

# GoChat, an encrypted chat made with GoLang

## What is GoChat and who uses it?
  GoChat is a simple encrypted chat with focus on privacy. This is a free to use service for anyone who needs a private chat between two or more parties.

## How does GoChat work?
  As of latest build we have implemented the [AES][ed562d5e] (Advanced Encryption Standard) encryption which is still considered safe as of 2017. The AES 256 bits implementation is a standard that is still in use by the US government for their [top secret documents][813bf0e5]. In a later build we want to implement RSA encryption which essentially is a public-key cryptosystem.

  ![alt text](http://bildr.no/image/VlhKMUIy.jpeg)


## Instructions for developers
  If you want to contribute to this project, feel free to make a pull request and we will review it as fast as possible.

## Note:
  We have some issues with the Windows platform as of now where users cant start the chat. Therefore we don't recommend using that until it is fixed.
  
## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)



[ed562d5e]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard "Advanced Encryption Standard"

[813bf0e5]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard#Security "AES Security"

Commit message:

Updated readme with security warning

README.md, after:

# GoChat, an encrypted chat made with GoLang

## What is GoChat and who uses it?
  GoChat is a simple encrypted chat with focus on privacy. This is a free to use service for anyone who needs a private chat between two or more parties.

## How does GoChat work?
  As of latest build we have implemented the [AES][ed562d5e] (Advanced Encryption Standard) encryption which is still considered safe as of 2017. The AES 256 bits implementation is a standard that is still in use by the US government for their [top secret documents][813bf0e5]. In a later build we want to implement RSA encryption which essentially is a public-key cryptosystem.

  ![alt text](http://bildr.no/image/VlhKMUIy.jpeg)


## Instructions for developers
  If you want to contribute to this project, feel free to make a pull request and we will review it as fast as possible.

## Note:
  We have some issues with the Windows platform as of now where users cant start the chat. Therefore we don't recommend using that until it is fixed.
  We do not take any responsibility on using this software. We are by no means any security/encryption experts and can therefore not guarantee that it is safe. We would suggest using Signal for now.
  
## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)



[ed562d5e]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard "Advanced Encryption Standard"

[813bf0e5]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard#Security "AES Security"
